Lord Ren Zhou
The ancestors of the pirate king?
Offspring, relatives, friends, are you all done?
All the rental coupons have been caught according to your instructions.
I'm playing with the Pirate King
Let them all come out and talk about their relationship with the Pirate King
Confirm your identity
Go I'm the Pirate King's grandfather go
I'm the Pirate King's father
I am the mother of the Pirate King
I am the son of the Pirate King
You are despicable and your captors threaten me
You say I'm mean
Then I'll show you something even meaner
come
Kill someone at random and make him scream every day
OK
Ah!
You and I are both murderers
Don't mind if I play some killing games
If you want to be happy, you will kill
I ordered another kill
You can only kill two anyway
And I can catch your nine clans
You are cruel
Harder than me
I admit defeat
Please let my family get up
Untie my father-in-law and mother-in-law for me
Untie me and let you explain it yourself
Yes
Husband and parents